user come to the home page after 3s later open pop.js 
component, when user click on login button then display
 the logindiv body and when user click on create account 
 then open signupdiv body. in the logindiv body after 
 entering the email address then check the email address
  valid or not and also check that it valid gmail 
  account or not and show a text under inputfield 
  "please enter a vlid email address" or
   "email address is verified", 
   then the sent otp button clickable thereafter click
    on sent otp button then logindiv body become close
     and user transfer to loginotpverifydiv body to 
     submit the otp. the otp sent which 6 digit numaric
      code which sent to the user logindiv body email
       addres by nodemailer. check the otp and show 
       the otp ih valid and continue button become 
       clickable and if the otp not match with the 
       sent otp the user email then under inputfield show
        a text "otp is not matched", if the otp is matched
         then show "otp verified". the otp is valid for 
         only 10min and the 10min timer shows in timer div 
         after 10min the resent the otp (resendotp) become 
         clickable and after click on resend the otp then sent 
         the mail id a new otp. on the click on edit button under
          edittext div the user sent to the logindiv body 
          display to the write a new email address or recheck 
          the email address then sent a new otp to the email 
          address to the new email address. the email address 
          are show in loginotpverifydiv body in emailtext div. 
          in the logindiv body or logotpverifydiv body click the 
          continue with google the user can login or signup by 
          the google. After clicking the create a account button 
          in popdiv body then the user sent to the signupdiv body.
           click in continue with google user login or signup by 
           the google account and take all the data name, email 
           and image of the user, if the user enter his name and 
           enter his email address then check the email addres 
           this is valid gamil account or not after checking email 
           under email inputfield show a text "email verified" if 
           not matched "email is not valid" and sent otp button 
           become clickable. after click send otp button user 
           sent to the loginotpverifydiv body and sent a 6 
           digit otp to the user in the email id which user 
           define in the signupdiv body email input field. 
           in loginotpverifydiv body check the otp is valid 
           or not and after click on continue the user become
            login or signup. on click on the continue with 
            google then the user can by login by the google 
            account for all the component logindiv body and 
            signupdiv body help by nextauth . also nodemailer
             to sent a mail to the user email address which 
             state the otp with a subject matter and body
              with otp etc in nextjs. in the from the email 
              and name otp all are store in the fromdata for 
              further verification and the from data show in 
              console log.